[RHACS] Updated monitoring topic (#58057)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/enable-monitoring-central-operator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * configuration/monitor-acs.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="enable-monitoring-central-operator_{context}"]
= Monitoring Central using the {product-title-short} Operator

[role="_abstract"]

> You can monitor Central, by changing the Central configuration options using the {product-title-short} Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor {product-title-short} services by changing the configuration of the `Central` custom resource.
```

While `using the operator` is technically correct, I feel it more precise to refer to the custom resource here. Also enabling scanner monitoring via "Central configuration" sounds a bit weird, so I'd avoid that phrase.

.Procedure

. On the {ocp} web console, go to the *Operators* → *Installed Operators* page.
. Select the {product-title} Operator from the list of installed Operators.
. Click on the *Central* tab.
. From the list of Central instances, click on a Central instance for which you want to enable monitoring.
. Click on the *YAML* tab and update the YAML configuration:
* For monitoring Central, enable the `central.monitoring.exposeEndpoint` configuration option for the Central custom resource.
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: platform.stackrox.io/v1alpha1
kind: Central
...
spec:
  central:
    monitoring:
      exposeEndpoint: Enabled
...
----

> * For monitoring Scanner, enable the `scanner.monitoring.exposeEndpoint`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For monitoring Scanner, enable `scanner.monitoring.exposeEndpoint`
```
